here we have all of the parts for the grinder
this is referred to as the chamber head
the auger and the blade these are the grinder plates
which can be at different sizes depending on
the application this is the retaining ring the
food pan and this is the meat pusher what is so
important about this machine is
that it gets set up correctly
if it's not set up correctly it will not work
properly so it's very very important that it
is done in the process and we have laid it out
here in the process that I will put it directly
into the mechanical area here this is the
engine this is what will start the grinder, prior
to putting everything together on the
grinder make sure that it is always
unplugged, now we're going to get the chamber head
and attach that to the body of the grinder it
will move a little bit the best way is to pull it
towards you as you then begin to tighten that up
once it's tight you don't want any movement in it
make sure that is completely tight in there next
we're going to put the auger in there the auger as
we turn it on spins round that is pushing the meat
forward into the blades this just slides into the
chamber you just want to twist it around slightly
when the blade is put into the grinder and the
plate attaches the actual blade is spinning
round cutting the meat as it's pushed
through and it is coming out of the plate
if we have the blade the wrong way around
and the blades are facing towards the machine
as it spins it will not cut and that will stop the
meat from coming through and that will create the
smear that we don't want so again blade going
in with the blades facing outwards the plate
where there's a little semi-circle cut away in the
plate there's a small dimple they need to attach
together tighten it about 80 percent of the way
when the meat is coming through then you want to
fully tighten it if it's too tight to begin with
the blade can stick against the plate somewhat
now you can attach the food pan
you have the meat pusher here so as the meat
is in the food pan you're pushing it through
into the chamber the ground meat will come out
to start the grinder press the green button
to stop it press the red
always when you're cleaning it make
sure that you have unplugged the machine